c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe.config
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.pdb
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.baml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.g.cs
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.g.resources
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Hackathon_Starter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe
c:\users\faraonul\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\IT_Fest_Hackathon\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.pdb
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe.config
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.pdb
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.exe
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.pdb
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\SendGrid.CSharp.HTTP.Client.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Hackathon_Starter.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.baml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Views\LoginView.g.cs
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.g.resources
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\IT_Fest_Hackathon.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\obj\Debug\Hackathon_Starter.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\aaa\Desktop\ITFEST\Desktop_Hackathon_Starter\IT_Fest_Hackathon\bin\Debug\SendGridMail.dll
